a black.
a free person or slave; and Ten Dollars for her delivery at any jail in the State so that I can get her. WM. H. SMITH, 42 East-Bay.
a white cotton shirt, and yellow pantaloons.  Parish of St James, 5th August 1828.
a Mr. Gaillard, and that he formerly belonged to Paul S.H. Lee, Esq. Said Negro is 5 feet 1 or 2 inches high, thick set, and apparently 45 or 50 years of age.
a Gold Lever Watch and three pair of new boots. He is about six feet high, and has been shot in the left hand. Fifty Dollars will be given for the delivery of the boy in any jail in the city, or One Hundred for the recovery of the boy and things he took away, with the conviction of the parties harboring him. This boy has been my house servant for eighteen months, and is always well dressed. JESSE HART
a free man and sailor, as he has been used to go by water. Whoever takes up the said fellow, and secures him so that his Owner may have him again, shall have the above reward and reasonable charges if brought home paid by Emory Fuetter.
a colored steevedore named John Harris, who lives at the corner of Frenchman and Love streets, and who it is supposed harbors and employs him. PRINCE is from Savannah, Geo., and has been but three months in this city.
a negro man who says his name is Isaac about, 28 or 30 years of age; 5 feet 6 inches high; well made, speaks english only; has an iron ring on each leg; says he belongs to James Gardner of New Orleans. The owner is requested to comply with the law and take him away.
a French Negro Man, named John Baptist, speaks French, and broken English, pitted with the Small Pox, fat Nose, square built, about 5 feet 6 Inches high, his little Finger of his Left Hand, stiff and straight, his Age about 45 or 50 Years: He has Holes in each Ear for Earing. Whoever takes up said Negro, and tends Word to the Subscriber, shall have FORTY SHILLINGS Reward, and all Charges paid by WILLIAM DARLINGTON.
a negro trader who was at Natchez at the time he absconded. The owner is requested to comply with the law and take him away. [at 5]  J SIMPSON, Jailor.
a blemish in his right eye, no other mark on him to be seen; he says that his name is ELLEC, and that he belongs to Richard Coal of Lawnden county, the owner is hereby requested to come and prove property, pay charges, and take him away, or he will be dealt with as the law directs.
a Cooper by Trade. Whoever secures the above Runaways in any Goal so that their Masters mat have them again, shall have Eight Pounds Reward, and all reasonable Charges paid by HENRY WYCKHOFF.
a man about thirty years of age, dark complexion, about five feet eight inches high.
a fur cap with the front piece of leather. I will give Seventy Dollars to any person who will deliver him to me at my residence, or in Nashville, and Fifty Dollars if taken and secured at any other point until I can get him.
a jacket of redish crimson. A reward will be given to any person who will bring him back to the subscriber or lodge him in jail.  April 11                E V JOURDAIN.
a waiter at my Hotel for the last 10 months.
a reward of One Hundred Dollars to any person who may apprehend them on the conviction of the white person, or Fifty Dollars for the Negro if delivered to me in Irwinton, Wilkinson county, or any [illegible] Jail in the State.
a speculator named Sanders.
a month ago, and is just imported from Virginia. The above reward will be paid as soon as he is secured so I get him again.
a down look, and saucy when spoken to. Landlords are cautioned against harboring, and shipmasters against shipping him under the severest penalties of the law. july 1
a negro man who calls himself SQUIRE, and mays be belongs to Mr. Bellinger of Perry county in this state. He is about 5 foot 6 or 7 inches high, thick set, thick lips, very black, supposed to be 35 or 40 years old. The owner is requested to come forward, prove property and pay charges, or he will be sold according to the statute in such cases made and provided.
a free State, as the boy had about $400 in money. The above reward will be paid for the boy and white man confined in any jail in this State, or $50 for the boy, and $200 for the white man who took him away.
a safe Jail so that I may get her.
a French family. He speaks broken English and understand something of the French language. I will give the above reward for his apprehension and safe confinement in any Jail so that I get him again, with all reasonable expenses.
a family living here. The above reward will be paid for his safe delivery in the Work House. Apply to Mrs. Storno, Meeting st. next to the corner of [illegible] st.
a bushy head. The woman is very likely and cross-eyed; no other marks recollected.  If the said slaves should be apprehended in or about Mobile, to be delivered to T. & G. HOLT, and if apprehended in any other county, lodge them safe in [illegible] jail, and the above reward will be paid.
a Negro man named NED. about 29 years old, of dark complexion, about 5 feet 8 inches high, weighs about 140 or 150 pounds. he left my house the 18th of February last. the last time heard from him he was in Lythonia DeKalb county. He has probably been decoyed off by some white person. I will give one hundred dollars Reward for the delivery of the negro in some safe Jail where I can get him, and the apprehension of the person harboring him, with proof to convict him: or I will give fifty dollars for the delivery of the boy to me in Forsyth, or in any safe Jail in the State, so I can get him.
a Mr. Crawford's near that place; [illegible] was bought and carried to Mississippi by S. Rose borough and R. R. Flack, who sold him to his present owner. I am authorized to pay the above reward to any one that will deliver the above described negro to me or enable me to get him.
a little when he speaks; has lost all his upper front teeth, and from large brand scar on his hips has evidently been severely whipped. The said boy was purchased last spring in this city of B. Rendig and it is believed has made his way back. The above reward will be paid by Messrs
a reward of Ten Dollars for his confinement in any Jail in the State and information so that I can get him.
a negro boy named GEORGE. Said boy is about four feet nine inches high, light complexion very large mouth, slight frame one ear growing down, very large and wild looking eyes, twelve years old.
a drayman for some years. The above reward will be paid for his apprehension, or Ten Dollars for proof that will lead to the conviction of the person harboring him.
a Negro Man, who says his name is SAM,-- and says he belongs to Alexander Smith, of Houston county, Georgia. Sam is very dark complexioned -- five feet three or four inches high, -- I suppose about 20 years old. The owner or owners are requested to come forward, prove property, pay charges, and take him away. -- November 25, 1841.
a Negro man named NED about 22 years old, of dark complexion, about 5 feet 8 inches high, weighs about 140 or 150 pounds, he left my house the 18th of February last, the last time heard from him he was in Lythonia DeKalb county. He has probably been decoyed off by some white person.  I will give one hundred dollars Reward for the delivery of the negro in some safe Jail where I can get him, and the apprehension of the person harboring him, with proof to convict him: or I will give fifty dollars for the deliv-ry of the boy to me in Forsyth, or in any safe Jail in the State, so I can get him.
a pair of trousers. Whoever will deliver said boy to the subscriber living near Beckman Slip shall have two guineas reward payed by Jesse Smith.
a few days before she left, and was in the settlement the day of her leaving , and has (as the subscriber is informed) changed his name in different sections.  Any information of said woman, or said Frazier, will be thankfully recaived, and the apprehension and detention of either the said woman, or said Frazier, so that the subscriber can get hold of them, will be honorably and liberally rewarded.                           JESSE HEARN.
a yellow man named JOE McMULLEN. He was formerly drummer for the Volunteers. He speaks, reads and writes the English language; he is about 5 feet 6 or 7 inches high, has lost two of his front teeth, weighs about 150 pounds, walks erect, has black curly hair, and is addicted to cards and drinking.
a little timid when spoken to; has been on stcambonis, as cabin boy; he will try to pass himself as free. He was purchased from Thos. T. Bolling, of Blobile, in November last. I will give the above reward for his apprehension and lodgment in any jail so that I get him.
a slave; and Ten Dollars for her delivery at any jail in the State so that I can get her.
a thick bushy head, and says she is the wife of said Stephen, and professes also to be free; and they say they are late from New Orleans. -- The owner is hereby requested to come forward, prove property and pay charges, or they will be sold for the same, according to the statue in such cases made and provided.
a very tall brown mule that has been badly foundered.
a tavern or barber's shop.
a slave named CATHERINE. Said girl is about five feet high, dark complexion and about 21 years of age. She has three upper and front teeth plugged with [illegible]. is well shaped and quick spoken. She has been seen about the Poydras Market. The above reward will be paid for her delivery at No. 117 Customhouse street.
a wife there. The above reward will be paid, and all reasonable expences, for delivering him to the master of the work house in Charleston, or to the subscriber at Statesburg.
a middle size and only speak English.
a runaway at Donaldsonville some three years ago. The above reward will be paid for his arrest by addressing Messrs. Armant Brothers, St. James parish,
a Creole of this
a little English; has
a cut with an axe, she is five feet four or five inches high. The owner is requested to come forward, prove property, pay charges and take her away. june 17, 1837. ROBERT S. NORLIN, Jailer.
a young active fellow, who is well known, and was in general employed as hostler and house servant at the subscriber's tavern. The above reward will be given for their delivery to the subscriber, or on their being lodged in any jail in the state, or Ten Dollars for either of them. W.WILKIE, Rautole's. N.B.-The above Negroes will probably make for Beaufort S.C., or Savannah, Georgin. Dec5
a cotton planter, whose name he does not know, and that he was sold in New Orleans about two months ago by mr Hearing; he is about 32 years old; 5 feet 6 inches high.
a creole of this
a little English; was
a reddish complexion, produced by drinking. She formerly belonged to Mr Randolph, who keeps the 3d Municipality Ferry; and she is supposed to be harbored by some person near Algievs. A further reward of Fifty Dollars will be paid on conviction of such person or persons on application to J A BEARD & CO, Camp street Mar
a dark complexion, and says he belongs to Dr. Lewis Bradwell, of Charleston District.  Jim is about 35 years old, 5 feet 10 inches high, slender made, dark complexion, blind in the right eye, and says that he belongs to Rowlin Keenan, of Richland District.
a Gentleman. Whoever apprehends and secures him so as his Master may have him again, shall receive F I V E G U I N E A S Reward, paid by applying to the Printer, or at No. 206, Water-Street.
a piece bit out of his right ear. Any person who will deliver said negro to J. F. Randolph, in this city, in Levee-street, opposite the steamboat landing, shall receive the above reward, and all reasonable expenses paid. [m 29 3t in 1w] John Johns.
a long narrow scar across the breast- says he belongs to John Ryan, but does not know the county or State where he resides. He further states that Mr. Frank Carter, Mr. James Carter, Mr. Brown, and Mr. Wm. Leo are neighbors and that South Boston is the nearest town. It is four weeks since he left home. The owner of said slave is requested to come and prove his property, pay the charges, and take him away, or he will be dealt with according to law.
